Dexter, we're monogous.
>> No, we're not.
>> The hell do you mean we're not? Since
when are we not?
Dexter moved away from the table and
grabbed a new beer from the fridge.
>> Mia, are are you messing with me right
now?
>> Mesing with you? You're the one who's
texting in in front of my face.
This whole thing blew up when I saw him
message someone with a heart emoji, and
it definitely wasn't his mom. Dexter's
defense was that he was just texting his
secondary, some girl named Sunny that I
was supposed to know about.
>> Mia, why are you being like this?
>> Like what?
>> We've had this arrangement for over 2
years.
>> What arrangement? It was crazy talk. I
couldn't believe he had the balls to
pretend this was normal.
I don't remember ever discussing
a secondary person or whatever this is.
He drank his beer, staring with his
characteristic half-closed eyes as if I
had done something to bore or annoy him.
>> Do you want me to get the contract?
>> What contract?
>> The contract that we wrote together that
you signed.
I was more confused than ever. Sure.
Yes. Bring out the contract.
Wordlessly, he went into his room. I
could hear him pull out drawers and
shuffle through papers. I swirled my
finger over top of my wine glass,
wondering if this was some stupid prank
his friends egged him into doing. Any
minute now, he was going to come out
with a bouquet and sheepishly yell,
"April fools!"
And then I was going to ream him out
because this whole gag had been unfunny
and demeaning and stupid.
But instead he came out with a sheet of
paper.
It looked like a contract.
Our polyamory relationship.
Parties involved. Dexter boyfriend. Mia
primary girlfriend. Sunny secondary
girlfriend.
Date redacted.
Respect the hierarchy. Dexter and Mia
are primary partners, meaning their
relationship takes priority in major
life decisions, living arrangements,
rent, etc. Dexter and Sunny share a
secondary relationship. Oh, good. They
reserve the right to see each other as
long as it does not conflict with their
primary relationship. All parties
recognize that this is an open, ethical,
non- monogous relationship with mutual
respect.
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw my
signature at the bottom. My curly QL
looked pretty much spot-on,
but I I I didn't remember signing this
at all.
Dexter, I struggled to find the right
word. His face looked unamused, as if he
was getting tired of my kid around.
Dexter, I'm sorry.
I I don't remember signing this.
He rolled his eyes.
>> Mia, come on.
>> I'm being serious. This isn't
I I couldn't have signed this.
>> Couldn't have.
>> His sigh turned frustrated.
>> Listen, if this is your way of
renegotiating, that that's fine. We can
have a meeting. I'm I'm always open to
discussion, but there's no reason to
diss Sunny like that.
>> I was shocked at how defensive he was.
Dexter, I'm not trying to diss anyone.
I'm not lying. I I swear on my mom's
grave. My own grave. I do not remember
Sunny at all.
He looked at me with a frown and shook
his head, more disappointed than
anything.
Listen,
we can have a meeting tomorrow. Just
stop pretending you don't know her.
>> I didn't want to prod the bear, so I
laid off him the rest of the evening. We
finished our drinks, watched some TV,
and then went to sleep.
The following morning, Dexter dropped
our weekend plans, and made a
reservation at a local sushi restaurant.
Sunny was going to meet us there at noon
for a renegotiation.
I I didn't know what to think.
Over breakfast, I made a few delicate
inquiries over Sunny, but Dexter was
still quite offended. Apparently, this
had been something all three of us had
wanted.
All three of us.
I found it hard to believe but didn't
push it any further. Instead, I scredged
through the photos on my phone where I
immediately noticed something was wrong.
There was a new woman in all of them.
It was hard to explain. It's It's like
someone had individually doctorred all
my old photos to suddenly fit an extra
person into each one.
It was unsettling to say the least.
Dexter and I had this one iconic photo
from our visit to the epic suspension
bridge where we were holding a small
kiss at the end of the bridge. We
occupied most of the frame. Except now
when I looked at the photo,
somehow there was this shadowy taller
woman behind both of us. She had her
hands across both our waists and was
blowing a kiss towards the camera.
Who the hell?
She was in nearly every photo. Evenings
out at restaurants, family gatherings,
board game nights, weddings,
even in photos from our vacations,
Milan, Rome. She even [__] joined us
inside the Cyine Chapel.
The strangest part
was her look.
I'm not going to beat around the bush.
This was some kind of photoshopped
model, like a Kylie Jenner Kardashian
type. It felt like some influencer
turned actress turned philanthropist
just so happened to bump into two bland
Canadians. It didn't look real. The
photo was too perfect. There wasn't a
single one where she had half her eyes
closed or or was caught mid laugh or
anything. It's like she had rehearsed a
pose for each one.
The whole vibe was disturbing.
I wanted to confront Dexter the moment I
saw this woman, this succubus, this
whatever she was,
but he went for a bike ride to clear his
head.
It was very typical of him to avoid
confrontation.
Originally, he was supposed to come back
and then we'd both head to the
restaurant together,
but he didn't come back.
Dexter texted me instead to come meet
him at the restaurant that he'll be
waiting there. What the [__] was going
on?
The restaurant was a Japanese
bar. Small venue, no windows.
This was one of our favorite places
because it wasn't too overpriced, but
still had a classy vibe.
I felt a little betrayed that we were
using my favorite date night restaurant
for something so auxiliary.
My sense of betrayal ripened further
when I arrived 10 minutes early only to
see Dexter already at the table
and he was sitting next to her,
if you could call it sitting. It almost
looked like he was kneeling, holding
both of her hands, as if he had been
sharing the deepest, most important
secrets of his life for the last couple
hours.
I could hear the faint echo of his
whisper as I walked in.
>> So glad this could work out this way.
>> For a moment, I wanted to turn away.
How long have they been here? Is this an
ambush?
But then Sunny spotted me from across
the restaurant.
>> Mia, over here.
>> Her wide eyes glimmered in the
restaurant's soft lighting, zeroing in
on me like a hawk. Somehow, her words
traveled 30 ft without her having to
raise her voice.
>> Mia, join us.
>> I walked up feeling a little sheepish,
but refusing to let it show. I wore what
my friends often called my resting
defiant face, which can apparently look
quite intimidating.
>> Comes.
>> Sunny patted the open space to her left.
Her nails had to be at least an inch
long.
I smiled and sat on Dexter's right.
Sunny cut right to it.
>> So Dexter says you've been having
trouble in your relationship.
It was hard to look her in the eyes.
Staring at her seemed strangely
entrancing.
The word tunnel vision immediately came
to mind, as if the world around Sunny
was merely an echo to her reverberating
bell.
Uh, trouble? No. Dex and I are doing
great. I turned to face Dexter, who
looked indifferent as usual.
I wouldn't say there's any trouble.
I meant in your relationship to our
agreement.
>> Sunny's smoky voice lingered on each
word.
>> Dexter says you're trying to back out of
it.
I poured myself a cup of the green tea
to busy myself. Anything to avert her
gaze. However, as soon as I brought the
ceramic cup to my lips,
I reconsidered.
Am I even sure this drink is safe?
I cleared my throat and did my best to
find a safe viewing angle of Sunny. As
long as I looked away between sentences,
it seemed like the entrancing tunnel
vision couldn't take hold. Listen, I'm
just going to be honest. It's very nice
to meet you, Sunny. You look like a very
nice person, but
I don't know you like at all.
>> Don't know me.
>> When I glanced over, Sunny was suddenly
backlit. like one of the restaurant
lamps had lowered itself to make her
hair look glowing.
>> Of course, you know me. We've known each
other since high school.
>> As soon as she said the words, I got a
migraine.
Worse yet,
I suddenly remembered things.
I suddenly remembered the time we were
at our grade 11 theater camp where I had
been paired up with Sunny for almost
every assignment. We had laughed at each
other in improv and belted from our
belts in singing. Our final mini project
was a duo log and we were assigned Romeo
and Juliet.
I can still feel the warmness of her
hand during rehearsal.
>> And even after high school,
>> Sunny continued, looking at me with her
perfectly tweezed brows.
>> Are you saying you forgot our whole trip
through Europe?
bright purple lights, music festival,
Belgium. Some of these dance floors
apparently let just about anything
happen. But she was always there for me.
She would always be there for me.
I smacked my plate, trying to mentally
fend off the onslaught of so much
imagery. It It's not real. It feels
real, but it's not real.
It can't be real.
Well,
>> Dexter asked. He was offering me some of
his dynamite roll.
When did we order food?
I politely declined and cleared my
throat. There were still enough of me
that knew Sunny was manifesting
something. Somehow, she was warping past
events in my head. I forcibly stared at
the empty plate beneath me.
I don't know what's going on, but both
Dexter and I are leaving. Dexter
scoffed.
>> Leaving? I don't think so.
>> No one's leaving until you tell us
what's wrong.
>> Sunny's smoky voice sounded more
alluring the longer I wasn't looking.
>> That's how our meetings are supposed to
work. Remember?
>> I could tell she was trying to draw my
gaze, but I wasn't having it. I slid off
my seat in one quick movement. Dexter
grabbed my wrist. Hey, I wretched my
hand. Let go. We struggled for a few
seconds before Sunny stood up and
assertively pronounced,
>> "Darlings, please. There's no need for
this to be embarrassing."
>> Dexter let go. I took this as an
opportunity and backed away from the
booth. And what a booth it was. The
lighting was picture perfect. Sunny had
the most artistically pleasing
arrangement of sushi rolls I'd ever
seen. seaweed, rice, and sashimi
arranged in flourishes that would have
made Wes Anderson melt in his seat.
I turned and bolted.
>> "Mia,"
>> Dexter yelled.
At the door, I pulled the handle and ran
outside, only I didn't enter the outside
lobby.
"I entered the same sushi restaurant
again."
"The hell?" I turned around and looked
behind me. There was Sunny sitting in
her booth.
And then I looked ahead back in front.
Sunny sitting in her booth.
A mirror copy.
The door opened both ways into the same
restaurant.
What?
I tried to look for any other exit. I
ran along the left side of the wall away
from Sunny's booth towards the washroom.
There had to be a back exit somewhere. I
found the washrooms, the kitchen, and
the staff rooms, but none of the doors
would open.
It's like, it's like they were all glued
shut. What's going on? What is this?
Wiping my tears, I wandered back into
the restaurant, realizing in shock that
we were the only patrons there. We were
the only people here.
Everything was totally empty except for
Sunny's beautifully lit booth.
She watched me patiently with a smile.
What is happening? There was no use
hiding the fear in my voice.
>> What is happening is that we need to
renegotiate.
>> Sunny cleared some food from the center
of the table and presented a paper
contract.
Relationship with Sunny. Parties
involved. Primary girlfriend Sunny.
Primary boyfriend
Dexter.
Secondaries
Mia Maxine Jasper Theo Victor. No way
Matteo Claudine
Tertiaries. C. Appendix B. Date
redacted.
the changeover.
Mia will be given 30 days to find new
accommodations.
Dexter recommends returning to her
parents' place. In the meantime,
Mia is allowed to keep any and all of
her original possessions.
My jaw dropped.
What the [__]
Avoiding Sunny's gaze, I instead turned
to Dexter, who stared at me with a
loosely apologetic frown.
Dexter,
what is all this?
It's saying I have to move.
We just moved in together like 6 months
ago. You can't be serious.
He cleared his throat and flattened his
shirt across his newly formed pecs and
six-pack.
What is going on?
>> I'm serious, Mia.
I've done some thinking.
You don't have what I want.
>> There was some kind of aura exuding from
Dexter now. He looked cleaner and better
shaven than before. His cheekbones might
have even been higher, too.
I I I didn't know how much of this had
to do with Sunny's influence, but I
tried to see past it. I spoke to him as
the boyfriend I had dated for over 2
years. Dexter, listen to me. I'm telling
it to you as straight as it is.
Something's [__] Don't follow, Sunny.
I pointed at her without turning a
glance. You were like entranced or
something. If you care at all about
yourself, your well-being, your future,
just leave. This is not worth it. This
isn't even about me anymore. Your life
is at risk here.
>> Sunny laughed a rich, lubrious laugh and
then drank some elaborate cocktail in
the corner of my eye.
>> Well, I want to stay with her,
>> Dexter said.
>> And you need to sign to make that
happen.
>> His finger planted itself on the
contract.
Dexter,
you can't stay
>> if you don't sign.
>> Sunny's smoky voice traveled right up to
both my ears as if she was whispering
into both at the same time.
>> You can never leave.
>> Suddenly, all lamps in the restaurant
went out. All the lamps except our
booths. It's like we were featured in
some commercial. Sunny stared at me with
completely black eyes. No iris, no
scareup, pure obsidian.
>> Sign it.
>> All around me was pitch darkness.
Was I even at this restaurant anymore?
A cold, stifling tightness caused my
back to shiver.
I signed on the dotted line.
My curly QL never looked better.
>> Good.
Sunny snatched the page away, vanishing
it somewhere behind her back. She smiled
and sipped from her drink.
>> "You know, Mia, I don't think Dexter has
ever loved you to begin with. Let's be
honest."
>> Her all black eyes found mine again.
I was flooded with more memories.
Dexter forgetting our anniversary, his
inappropriate joke at my dad's hospital
bed, the time he compared my cooking to
a toddler's in front of my entire
family.
My headache started to throb. In
response, I unzipped my purse and pulled
out my pepper spray. I maced the [__]
out of Sunny. The yellow spray shot her
right in the face. She screamed and
turned away. Dexter grabbed my arm and I
grabbed his in return. Now, Dexter,
let's get out of here. Forget, Sunny.
[__] this contract. But he wrestled my
hand and pried the pepper spray from my
fingers. His chest jawline abruptly
disappeared. He looked upset. His face
was flush with shock and disappointment.
>> I can't believe you, Mia. Pepper spray.
Are you Are you serious?
>> Suddenly, the lights were back, and we
weren't alone in the restaurant. The
patrons around me looked stupified by my
behavior. People around began to cough
and waft the spray from their table.
I I stepped back from our booth, which
looked the same as the other booths.
Sunny was keeled over in her seat,
gagging and trying to clear her throat.
A waiter shuffled over to our table,
asking what had happened. A child across
from us began to cry.
I tore away and sprinted out the doors.
This time I had no trouble entering the
lobby. This time I had no trouble
escaping back outside.
I moved away from Dexter the next day.
Told my family it was an emergency.
They asked if he was being abusive, if I
should involve the police in the
situation.
I said no because
it wasn't quite exactly like that.
I didn't know exactly what was going on
except that I needed to get away. I just
wanted to go.
After that evening, 30 months of
relationship had just gone up in smoke.
All my memories of Dexter were now
terrible.
I figured some of them had to be true.
He was far from the perfect boyfriend.
But for all of them to be rotten, that
couldn't be right.
Why would I have been with someone for
so long if they were so awful?
In the effort of maintaining my
self-respect, I convinced myself that
Dexter was a good guy, that his image
had been slandered by Sunny, which is
still the only explanation I have, that
she altered my memories of him.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you, Dexter,
but the situation was beyond me.
I hope you're able to find your way out
of it, too.
There's nothing else I can do.
Although I've distanced myself away from
Dexter and moved back in with my parents
in a completely different part of the
city,
I still haven't been able to shake
Sunny.
She still texts me. She keeps asking to
meet up. Apparently, we're due for a
catch up.
I see her randomly in coffee shops and
food courts, but I always pack up and
leave.
I don't know who or what she is, but
every time I see her, I get flooded with
more bogus romantic events of our shared
past.
Our trip to Nicaragua, our skiing
station, our St. Patrick's Day at the
beach.
It's reached a point where I can tell
the memories are fake by the sheer
volume. There's no way I would have had
the time, not to mention the money, to
go to half these places I'm suddenly
remembering.
So, I'm saving up to move away.
Thanks to my family lineage, I have an
Italian passport.
I'm going to try and restart my life
somewhere around Florence, but who
knows? I might even move to Spain or
France.
I know it's a big sudden change, but
after these last couple months,
I really need a way to reclaim myself.
I just want my own life and my own
inside my head back. I want to start
making memories that I know are real,
places I've been to, people I've seen.
I want memories that belong to no one
else but me.
[Music]
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. And as always, I
want to give a very big thank you to
everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. You guys
have been there when I'm struggling like
I have over the past year and it
sincerely helps me stay alive. So, thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as asset system.
Ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Pandemonium, Caluna, Chain Smoker
Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory Kent,
Cronut 508, Crusader Choco, Curs
Primark, Dakota Best Pulson, Dante
Concade, Diana Krauss, Ellie Hutmire,
Enchanted Buns, Estamine, Jenna, Hades
Nephew, Kimbo Jerry, Our Minute Seconds
Time, Jay Ke, Jennis Pet, Jordan Humble,
King Crab, Mr. Marcus Blitz, Old
Penguin, Peaceful Buddha, Psycho, Red
Shadow Cat, Remember the Sun, Rinku
Star, Salty Surprise, Samine, Secclude,
Simba's Bluy, Mojo, Sky Harbor, Smiley,
Psychotic, Sully Man, Taly, Sue, The
Chavez Brothers. Thank you so much. And
honestly, thank you to everybody, even
those guys that are in there for just
$1. It really helps me out. Once again,
that's patreon.com/mrpasta.
Or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, that helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. In sweet dreams.
[Music]